You have some talent
But it's not enough to marry me
Go away and I can give you 20 million
You want to recruit more relatives than me
I win now
You give me some money and you want to send me away
Do you really want to marry me?
Of course, your daughter-in-law must
Marry me, then you have to help me pull out the Shushan sword
Shushan Sword
Those are the wings of my Shushan Sword Sect that have been sealed for thousands of years
If he can pull it out, he can get the entire Shushan Sword Sect
Nature can also get me
I just don't know if you have the strength
I'm afraid to tell you
Failure is immortal
If that person
I will definitely pull out the Shushan sword
After all, the Shushan Sword belonged to him